Update mapped-types.md (#2275)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/graphql/mapped-types.md

#### Partial

> When building input validation types (also called DataTransferObjects aka DTOs), it's often useful to build **create** and **update** variations on the same type. For example, the **create** variant may require all fields, while the **update** variant may make all fields optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building input validation types (also called Data Transfer Objects or DTOs), it's often useful to build **create** and **update** variations on the same type. For example, the **create** variant may require all fields, while the **update** variant may make all fields optional.
```
